https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-23845 Add ns troubleshoot (#8282)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/support_troubleshooting/trouble_miss_ns.adoc

[#trouble-miss-namespace]
= Troubleshooting: Missing `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace

> The `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace contains the `global` Placement, which is required to deploy add-ons such as 'cluster-proxy', 'managed-serviceaccount', and 'work-manager' to managed clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace contains the `global` Placement, which is required to deploy add-ons such as `cluster-proxy`, `managed-serviceaccount`, and `work-manager` to managed clusters.
```

If the `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace is missing or deleted, add-ons are not installed on managed clusters. If you previously installed the add-ons, they are removed if the namespace is missing or deleted.

[#symptom-miss-namespace]
== Symptom: Missing `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace

> After you install an add-on, the `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace is missing on the hub cluster. As a result, no `ManagedClusterAddOn` resources are created for the `cluster-proxy`, `managed-serviceaccount`, and `work-manager` add-ons.

Reviewer 2: Replace
> After you install an add-on

with

> After you install ACM

Author: Updated!

[#identif-ymiss-namespace]
== Identifying the problem: Missing `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace

> The `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace is missing if the `ManagedClusterSet` called `global` includes the `open-cluster-management.io/ns-create: "true"` annotation, and you find the following message in the 'ocm-controller' log in the `multicluster-engine` namespace:

Reviewer 2: Replace 'if' with 'and'.

> The `open-cluster-management-global-set` namespace is missing and the `ManagedClusterSet` called `global` includes the `open-cluster-management.io/ns-create: "true"` annotation. You can find the following message in the 'ocm-controller' log in the `multicluster-engine` namespace:

Author: Updated!
